Document role gradient colors (#7549)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/topics/permissions.md

| id             | snowflake                                                                    | role id                                                                                                                         |
| name           | string                                                                       | role name                                                                                                                       |

> | color          | integer                                                                      | integer representation of hexadecimal color code                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| color*          | integer                                                                      | integer representation of hexadecimal color code                                                                                |
```

I'd update this to have a disclaimer below
*`color` will continue to be returned but with our gradient roles it is recommended to use [`colors`](/docs/topics/permissions#role-colors-object) for requests. `primary_color` will contain what `color` does even for non-gradient roles.

> | colors         | [role colors](/docs/topics/permissions#role-colors-object) object            | the role colors                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| colors         | [role colors](/docs/topics/permissions#role-colors-object) object            | the role's colors                                                                                                                 |
```

| available_for_purchase?  | null      | whether this role is available for purchase        |
| guild_connections?       | null      | whether this role is a guild's linked role         |

###### Role Colors Object

> This object will always be filled with `primary_color` being the role's `color`. Other fileds can only be set to a non-null value if the guild has the `ENHANCED_ROLE_COLORS` [guild feature](/docs/resources/guild#guild-object-guild-features).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This object will always be filled with `primary_color` being the role's `color`. Other fields can only be set to a non-null value if the guild has the `ENHANCED_ROLE_COLORS` [guild feature](/docs/resources/guild#guild-object-guild-features).
```

Author: Thanks!

| available_for_purchase?  | null      | whether this role is available for purchase        |
| guild_connections?       | null      | whether this role is a guild's linked role         |

###### Role Colors Object

This object will always be filled with `primary_color` being the role's `color`. Other fields can only be set to a non-null value if the guild has the `ENHANCED_ROLE_COLORS` [guild feature](/docs/resources/guild#guild-object-guild-features).

| Field            | Type     | Description                                                                                  |
|------------------|----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | primary_color    | integer  | the role primary color, this is always the same as the role's `color`                        |
> | secondary_color  | ?integer | the role secondary color, this will make the role gradient between the other provided colors |
> | tertiary_color   | ?integer | the role tertiary color, this will make the role gradient between the other provided colors  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| primary_color    | integer  | the primary color for the role                       |
| secondary_color  | ?integer | the secondary color for the role, this will make the role a gradient between the other provided colors |
| tertiary_color   | ?integer | the tertiary color for the role, this will turn the gradient into a holographic style   |
```

:::info

> If you provide a `tertiary_color`, you must follow the holographic style preset. Which is:
> `primary_color = 11127295`, `secondary_color = 16759788`, and `tertiary_color = 16761760`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When sending `tertiary_color` the API enforces the role color to be a holographic style with values of:
`primary_color = 11127295`, `secondary_color = 16759788`, and `tertiary_color = 16761760`.
```
